mr jones was watching tv when the
doorbell rang
it was a guy who introduced himself as
lincoln
he said that he was a member of a
volunteer group
they were collecting donations to save
the rarest species of dodo birds
but mr jones didn't believe him and
called the police
why
[Music]
there are no more dodo birds they went
extinct in the 17th century
arwen a rich man's only son visited his
cousin richie
they were talking about sports and
drinking tea
suddenly arwen stopped breathing and
fell to the floor
richie called the doctor who said that
arwen had been poisoned
detective callum arrived and started the
investigation
soon he accused richie of poisoning his
cousin
how did richie manage to do that
[Music]
arwen was the only one who drank his tea
sweet
the poison was in the sugar eloise was
studying in the library
she went to the bathroom and left her
things on the table
when the girl returned she realized
someone had stolen her cell phone
she called the police and they
questioned the other three students who
were in the library at that time
bernard said i left the library right
after eloise
i wanted to get a drink from the vending
machine i didn't touch your things
beth said i was studying the whole time
and didn't even see anything
serenity said i was in another part of
the library
and didn't come close to eloise's table
who stole the girl's phone
it was bernard he said he'd left to get
a drink from the vending machine
but look there are no drinks in there
only snacks
samantha and her daughter avery went to
the lake to spend some time together
they found a nice spot and sat down
there a bit later
samantha remembered she'd left her
camera in the car and went to get it
when she returned her daughter was gone
the woman called the police and they
started to look for the girl
there were three people nearby and the
police officers
interrogated them all benjamin said
i was walking nearby and saw a girl
sitting by the lake
but i didn't do anything to her
genevieve said she hadn't even seen the
girl or her mother
and victoria said she hadn't seen them
either but she heard someone screaming
who should the officers arrest
they should arrest genevieve look she's
wearing
avery scarf brian called the police
early in the morning
he said that the night before he and his
girlfriend
estelle had been watching a scary movie
together
estelle was afraid to go home so she
stayed at his place
she was having a bad dream with zombies
chasing after her
and she didn't wake up in the morning
the guy didn't know what had happened
but the police arrested him claiming he
was guilty
why
[Music]
the guy said his girlfriend hadn't woke
up in the morning
then how did he know what she had been
dreaming about
theodore came from new york to his
hometown chicago
to spend a week with his father three
days later
the father called the police and said
his son had poisoned himself
the police examined theodore's things to
check if there was
anything suspicious after that they took
the father to the police station for
further interrogation
what seemed suspicious to them
the officers found a return ticket from
chicago to new york
theodore wouldn't have bought this
ticket if he hadn't been planning to
return to new york
esme was having her usual walk in the
forest
and you know what she got lost again
after wandering around for a couple of
hours
she finally found the witch's house esme
asked the witch to show her the way back
home
the witch wanted to make esme her maid
but she had a problem
she was planning a vacation and wanted
to go fishing
her fishing rod was 13 feet long and
one was only allowed to take things no
longer than 12 feet on the train
the witch promised esme that if the girl
found a solution
she'd let her go what can esme recommend
esme was very good at geometry she
advised the witch to put the rod in a 12
by 5 foot box
diagonally it fit perfectly
on a sunday evening mrs collins was
having tea at her friend's house
her friend suddenly said that she had
seen one of mrs collins daughters in the
mall that day
mrs collins got angry because all of the
girls were grounded
she asked which daughter it was but her
friend couldn't tell
she wasn't wearing her glasses when she
was at the mall
when mrs collins returned home she asked
the girls what they had been doing the
whole day
abigail said she'd spent the day reading
brianna said she'd stayed at school
after classes to study a bit more
charlotte said that she had been
practicing for her upcoming piano
concert
who lied
brianna it's sunday there's no school
a young girl tenley was brought to the
hospital after being poisoned
but the examination showed that tinley
hadn't eaten or drunk anything that day
her sister kennedy said she didn't know
anything about the
accident tenley's friend ruby said
we were at school when tenley felt bad
tenley's boyfriend
archie said i haven't even talked to her
today
how was tenley poisoned and who did it
[Music]
the girl hasn't eaten anything but she
has some lipstick on
that's what contains poison and the only
person who had access to tenley's room
that day
was her sister kennedy there was a car
accident
in a tunnel the police suspected that
one of the drivers
owen had fallen asleep behind the wheel
but owen denied it i just couldn't see
well because of the rainstorm he said
the police didn't believe him and
immediately arrested the man
why
[Music]
the accident happened in a tunnel it
couldn't rain there
[Music]
someone in the town was stealing cars
every time a car disappeared
its owner would get a message from an
anonymous number
in each message there were two emojis
that didn't make any sense
the police tracked the number and the
geo location led to three houses
they questioned the owners mr walson mrs
coleman
and mr woolridge can you tell who the
car thief is
[Music]
the emojis seem to make sense after all
they're a wall
and a father with a son combine them and
you'll get
wallsen so mr walson must be the one
stealing cars
now let's play the game who's less smart
it's early morning tom and joseph are
driving their teenage children to school
who is not smart
joseph his son is not in the car his
father has probably forgotten about the
poor guy
annie and emma are volunteering in an
animal shelter
annie is feeding the cats and emma is
washing the dogs
who is not smart here
[Music]
annie she's giving dog food to the cats
logan and anthony are both having job
interviews at 4 pm
logan is packing some food and anthony
is ironing his best suit
who's not smart
anthony look at the clock the interview
is going to start in five minutes
and he's still at home logan is at home
too
but there's still another hour till his
interview begins
noelle and gabriella are cleaning the
house noelle is listening to music while
vacuum cleaning the living room
and gabrielle is washing the windows who
is not being smart
noel the vacuum cleaner isn't plugged in
skyler and autumn are both going on
summer vacation
skyler is going to spain and autumn is
visiting her sister in chile
who is not smart
autumn she's packing shorts and swimwear
but she won't need them
because it's winter and chile both josh
and amelia didn't sleep well
because their neighbor's dog had been
barking all night
amelia asked josh to take out the trash
while she was making some coffee for
them
who is not smart
josh instead of the trash he's taken out
the bags with old toys they've collected
to donate
janine and teresa are making dinner for
their families
who is not smart
[Music]
well they both have a problem janine is
putting out a fire with water
and teresa has a mouse in her kitchen
and an ant
in the dough